We have spent months on designing and implementing our project, Momentum. This was
our first experience of working on a project for months and as a group. We think 
that as we are computer science students, it is highly essential for us to be able
to work as a group. So we all learned how to organize our meetings, writing reports
and implementing the project as a group. GitHub is another aspect that is essential
for us and we all learned how to use it. We understood that splitting the workload
and doing the work that is assigned to you are very important in teamwork. We also
improved our research skills while searching for libraries and deciding which one
to use. 

We disliked the fact that we had to work online for the half of the semester. It was
difficult to arrange meetings and write code without having trouble with Git. Still,
this helped us learn how to work with communicating with each other. 

The most difficult aspect was working with Android Studio, which none of us knew how
to use it before. So we had to learn it from scratch and we had to start implementing
the project later than we expected. We spent a lot of time to understand how it worked.
Also Android Studio has a different understandingof MVC pattern, so it was hard to 
adjust to it. Therefore, creating the UML diagram was really hard and we had to adjust
it many times before it was finalized. Also, the storage of the information in the app
was really hard to construct. We managed to store images but couldn't retrieve them.
We tried working with a database but failed. 

If we had to start over again, we would design a desktop app instead of a mobile app
and work with and IDE that we already have previous experience. Also even if we worked
with Android Studio again, we would have started earlier to learn it and spent more
time with implementation.

We all spent a lot of time for this project. Some of us worked between their lessons
and we had at least one meeting during to discuss the progress we have made every week.
We had three to four meetings with other group members who were to available to write 
the code, which lasted one to three hours.

We are proud of what we have achieved even though it is not completed. We all learned 
how to work with Android Studio and as a group, so we think that this experience will
contribute very much to our future projects. We saw that we can create a functioning
app. We are proud with the design of our app and the idea behind it. We are proud of 
the hardworking group members who spent hours on designing and implementing the project.